Validate partner support url in contributed pack metadata file (#1503)
demisto/demisto-sdk: CHANGELOG.md

# Changelog
* Fixed an issue where **validate** suggests, with no reason, running **format** on missing mandatory keys in yml file.

> * Added validation that partner contribution pack's metadata url does not lead to a github repo.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Added validation that the support URL in partner contribution pack metadata does not lead to a GitHub repo.
```
